Hey friends. I want to
thank our sponsor. Reagan, are
you struggling to replicate the
bugs and performance issues that
your customers are reporting? Plug
Reagan into your web and
mobile applications right now, and
diagnose problems in minutes rather
than hours. Kiss goodbye. Having
to dig through log files
and relying on frustrated users
to report issues, make your
software development life so much
easier. Using Reagan's error, crash,
and performance monitoring tools. Every
software team can create flawless
software experiences for their customers
with Reagan cry it free
today@raygun.com. That's our a Y
G U n.com. Hi, this
is Scott Hanselman. This is
another episode of Hanselminutes today.
I'm talking to Ayesha Muslimdar.
She is a senior UX
engineer at optimizing. How are
you? I'm good. Thanks for
having me, Scott. Yeah, this
is cool. I'm excited to
talk to you. So, you
know, I I've talked about
accessibility on the show before,
right? And the whole idea
when you're building a culture
of inclusion is to avoid
excluding anybody. Right. And I
think that we indirectly do
that all the time when
we make non-inclusive or non-accessible
websites. Yeah, absolutely. Lots of
websites aren't accessible. Oh, definitely.
It's definitely, it's a moving
target, you know, there's never,
you can never have a
website and say this is
a hundred percent accessible, but
I think if you took
an average of every site
out there, we'd probably be
in the like 20%, maybe
that might even be generous.
So what does that mean
accessible though? I mean, like
from a simplistic perspective, as
an able bodied person, like
I guess when I think
accessibility, I think all tags
on images and I know
that's awful of me. That's
one part of it. It's
a very, very tiny bite
of it. The way I
like to describe accessibility is
essentially ensuring that everyone no
matter their level of ability
can interact with ad to
contribute to, and basically utilize
every website the same way
as everyone else. Right. It
should make no difference what
you are able to do
with any type of technology,
no matter what the ability
of your body is. Hmm.
Okay. So simplistically as I
put it, I was thinking
all text, which is the
obvious stuff. Like I can't
see that image. So I'll
describe it to you. But
if I was going to
put a control on my
page, like a date picker,
I mean, how is that
not accessible? Why can't everyone
just pick a date? Oh,
you picked the one component.
That's my nightmare take pickers
are challenging. They involve a
lot of keyboard interaction, right?
If you want to make
a date picker accessible and
you're not able to use
a mouse, you want to
be able to perform all
the exact same functionality with
a keyboard. And that means
tabbing to the inputs, maybe
using your arrow keys to
cycle through the different days,
having a way to select
the day. All of that
is a very complicated interaction,
but it's something that you
want to make sure everyone
can use. And that's, that's
the level that goes beyond
just adding alt text to
images. Interesting. But then in
a world of like pretty
react components and like super
cool JavaScript popped down date,
calendar looking deals. Why don't
we just go back to
drop down lists? I mean,
when the web started, you
had a month, a day
in a year, there were
dropdown lists and I could
use up, up and down
and a tab and I
was ready to go. Yeah,
I think nowadays we want
customization, right? We want to
be able to make things
look gorgeous and fancy. And
we want our date picker
to look different from everyone
else's date picker. But the
risk in that is like
you said, we are not
using the standard out of
the box components anymore that
were accessible by default. And
instead we're rolling our own
versions. And by doing that,
we risk creating, you know,
20,000 different day pickers, all
of which are inaccessible. I
see. So in our quest
for a, you know, UX
consistency and really being attractive
and innovative, we, we, we
can easily make something that
looks pretty and as clickable
with a mouse, but falls
apart pretty quickly when you
start tabbing around and using
arrow keys. Absolutely. If you're
not thinking about it very
actively, as you're developing that
component, it can be very
easy to create a completely
inaccessible date picker or whatever
it might be dropped down
menu, et cetera. It does
make me wonder though why
companies that aren't in the
business of making UI controls
insist on making UI controls
from scratch. Like we're an
insurance company. And when we,
before we make insurance, let's
make a new date control
that no one's ever seen
before. I would say a
lot of it just comes
from maybe a little bit
of a misconception that that's
expected of you, you know,
that when you were building
out a company or like
you said, you're, maybe you're
an insurance company. That's not
necessarily too concerned about the
looks. I think there's still
a misconception that, you know,
as a design organization, maybe
we need to be the
ones to create this brand
new version of this component
that has existed elsewhere. But
by making our own, maybe
we get a chance to
showcase our branding or put
our individual flair on it,
which sadly a lot of
times comes at the cost
of usability. Okay. So in
a world though, of, of
componentization, I mean the web
is starting to allow us
to make our own tags,
our own components where the
behavior of the component is,
is self-contained I guess that's,
is that a good definition
of what a component is?
It's something self-contained Yeah. You
can think of it as
being encapsulated. You know, everything
that the component is concerned
about is within that component.
So out-state stuff can't get
in the inside stuff can't
bleed out. That's a good
way of thinking about it.
Okay. So if I make
a component that represents a
date control, I should be
able to do that in
such a way where I
get, I get the accessibility.
Correct. And then it works.
It just works everywhere. Yeah.
That's definitely one thing that
I've been trying to accomplish
with our component library, which
happens to be built in
react is that ideally I
would love for all of
our developers to be able
to pull out this state
picker into their UI and
not have to worry a
single bit about whether or
not it's accessible. I would
love to get to the
point where every component in
our library is accessible by
default and includes the keyboard
interaction needed in order to
make sure that one, you
know, one of our developers
on a feature team pulls
it in. They don't have
to put their time or
effort into thinking about, is
this date picker, keyboard accessible?
Does it work with a
screen reader? They know that
because of where it came
from, it's going to be
accessible already. Okay. So your
components are in react, but
you know, whoever's listening might
have components in whatever world
or language that they want
to have. I understand that
the W3C CS web accessibility
initiative has this thing called
Aria a R I a
accessible rich internet applications. Does
that work with not just
react works with anything, any
Javascripty widget? Yeah. You can.
It's actually more on the
market level. So no matter
what JavaScript framework you're using,
you can add those Aria
tags to your markup, the
underlying markup that's powering the
component. And that can definitely
add more accessibility. The trick
though, I think a lot
of the community has said
that the best amount of
Aria is very little to
no Aria because you can,
you can actually go very
far the wrong way when
you're overusing Aria, for example,
there's a, there's a tag
called a role. You can
set the role using Aria
attributes, right. But if you
are taking a div and
you're adding role equals button,
the question should really be,
why am I not just
using the button tag? Right.
There are so many out
of the box elements that
do exist in HTML. And
those are the ones we
want to be using. We
should very rarely want to
make use of stuff like
roll equals to kind of
override the functionality of something
that you know is already
out there. And it's already
accessible by default. That brings
up an interesting question in
my mind then that there
was a time a few
years ago where people were
making, you know, custom componentry
and they would basically paint
stuff on a div and
they would take a div
or a span. And they
would just, you know, I
don't know, like interactive eyes,
the thing I'm hearing you
say that we shouldn't go
into, that we should think
about starting from a button
or list or a unordered
list or some thing that
is, that is at its
essence, a core HTML element.
Yes, definitely. I had a
college professor who called it,
divided us this kind of
mentality of making everything a
Dave, right. Because it's what
people are very familiar with.
It generally works out of
the box in a sense
that it will display what
you want it to display.
But one thing that I'm
really trying to get all
of our developer teams to
realize is that your first
question should always be, is
there something that already exists
that does this right? Is
there a button tag and
anchor tag, like you said,
on ordered lists list items,
should we be utilizing those
instead of going into this
device world where everything is
a diverse span and we
lose a lot of the
out of the box, automatic
semantics that HTML brings us.
That'd make me wonder if
there's, if I should have
the core control, be hidden
underneath it. Like, I, I've
also seen people do a
thing where there's the JavaScript
widget, there's the, you know,
the they're really cool, funky
looking widget. And then there's
the underlying three text boxes
or the underlying hidden three
list boxes. So you're trying
to like have the best
of both worlds, but you
end up creating parallel a
parallel Dom almost like one
for the pretty stuff. And
one for the, the person
who is looking at it
with a, with a reader.
Yeah. You see this a
lot. I think most commonly
in like checkbox toggles or
even check boxes, some of
those, you know, out of
the box elements don't look
the greatest if you just
use them by themselves. And
so I have seen that
a lot where people will
kind of create, like you
said, a parallel Dom that
you can style, but the
underlying element is the original
native element. And I think
that's fine. As long as
you put in the effort
to test it right. Manually
test it with your keyboard
with your screen reader, does
the functionality still work? Are
you overriding the default functionality
or completely missing it just
by creating this parallel Dom?
Or are you still taking
advantage of the underlying checkbox?
You're just using this extra
layer to style it, you
know, according to your design
system or your brand guidelines,
You know, and that actually
brings me to kind of
my core question and what
I think would be a
good title for this show,
which is building out an
accessibility culture from zero, because
what you're describing, isn't technical
problems, it's organizational willpower, where
someone needs to decide that
testing that is important and
specking it out is important.
Yeah, exactly. A huge Pyre
from what I've experienced of
building accessibility culture is getting
people into the mindset that,
you know, writing a few
JavaScript tests and making sure
you can click around is
not enough, not if you
want to ensure that what
you're producing is accessible for
everyone to use that has,
you know, screen reader testing.
You need to make sure
it's keyboard navigable. Can you
tell where your focus is
at all times? And I
completely understand that people don't
know this is something they
should be doing. I mean,
I went through four years
of a computer science degree
and never heard the word
accessibility used in all four
years. Yeah. It wasn't until
I started my first job
at Salesforce where I was
building out a prototype and
someone asked me if I
had checked with the accessibility
team about whether something I
had built would be accessible.
And I kind of gave
them this really blank, stare
like a what's an accessibility
team. I was so embarrassed
that I had never even
heard this word before and
much less like knew what
to do about it. That
actually kind of brings up
the larger problem about accessibility
culture. If, if, if one
can make it all the
way through school and never
hear about that, what else
are they not teaching us?
Yeah, exactly. It's kind of
scary to think about. I
mean, I'm sure none of
my professors were aiming to
exclude this huge group of
people, right? They didn't want
us to build, you know,
whatever fake app we made
and have it be inaccessible.
I just don't know that
at the time that I
was in school, at least
that it was a valued
lesson, you know, or even
if they knew how important
it would be to those
people graduating. And once they
actually got into a company
that they would be asked
about this, I don't know
if maybe there's a disconnect
between what the professor are
teaching and what front end,
especially developers front end developers
are expected of once they
joined the company. I wonder
also when we're trying to
pick that culture into a
company, if you know, going
with the able bodied argument
or not is isn't necessarily
the best way because keyboard
navigation is helpful for everyone.
Like your first time you
visit a site, you might,
or an app, you might
end up using a mouse,
but after a while, I'm
going to start learning hotkeys.
And if I have good
keyboard navigation, and then I
extend that keyboard navigation up
into hotcakes and shortcuts, and
you know, I really love
it. If, you know, when
you go to a website
and you hit the question
Mark, and it pops up
like a, here are the
hot keys on this, on
this website. Like people don't
even know that exists on
GitHub. There's like a whole
rich hot thing. It's amazing.
Like what, you know, Gmail
outlook, all have these really
cool things. Maybe one could
sell it to the organization
saying, look, how much more
productive our users of all
flavors are because of our,
our keyboard navigation. Yeah, exactly.
I think that's also a
huge misconception that assistive technology
is only benefiting a small
portion of the population, right?
It's absolutely not true. It
benefits every one of us.
We have all used some
kind of assistive technology, whether
that's in the physical world
and it's using a ramp
when you have suitcases, I
mean, everyone's done that, right.
Or if it's in the
digital world, like you said,
using keyboard shortcuts, or even
just tabbing through a form,
right. That's using keyboard navigation.
I do that all the
time and I find it
really frustrating when it doesn't
work and that's for me.
Right. I can't imagine how
that feels for someone who
absolutely needs to use the
keyboard. And so I definitely
think there's a huge amount
of education that needs to
happen around, you know, this
is for everyone assistive technology
benefits. Absolutely. Everyone, Indeed the
tabbing tabbing and having the
tab jump off somewhere and
realize that no one ever
looked at tab stops is
a speed is a mental
speed bump for everyone. Oh
yeah, exactly. Or the opposite
that I've seen a lot,
not the opposite, but a
similar thing I've seen a
lot is focus. Right? A
lot of people have this,
that, you know, that like
automatic blue outline that shows
from browsers, whenever you focus
on something, the most common
thing I see is resetting
that, right? So people will
say, you know, button outline
none, which is fine. I
get that the blue, you
know, border is not the
prettiest, but you can't just
take it off without adding
something back in place of
it. So I find that
all the time people have
taken off the automatic focus
ring, which again comes out
of the box with browsers,
right? It requires zero work.
It took more effort to
take it off, but then
you need to add on
a little bit more effort
to put it back on
in a way that you
like, you know, whether that's
underlines or a different color
of highlighters, something it needs
to be there. Does your
dashboard design engage users and
set your product apart. According
to the analyst from Gartner,
the look and feel of
embedded analytics as a direct
impact on how end users
perceive your application. Fortunately, you
don't need to be a
professional designer to turn flat
information into rich visualizations. Logi
analytics has compiled 17 design
tips that will transform your
dashboards. Logi analytics is the
leading development platform for embedded
dashboards and reports. And unlike
other solutions, logic gives you
complete control to create your
own unique analytics experience. Visit
lodgey analytics. That's L O
OGI analytics.com/hansel minutes to access
17 easy changes that will
transform your dashboards. That's L
O G I analytics.com/hansel minutes.
That actually from a cult
from, again, talking about this
from the goal of baking
it into the culture, rather
than doing things like turning
off, those focus rings as
an example, baking it into
the culture is such that
you say, okay, this is
a thing called focus rings
exist. How can we make
it fit with our aesthetic
without removing it like an
acknowledgement that this is a
required element? You know, links
are underlined here. We don't
change them all to be
not underlined and not blue
and purple. We need to
work within these constraints. Yeah,
I think that's where design
systems come in handy. A
lot of times is that
you can set that at
an organizational level, right? You
can say, okay, here at
Optimizely, all of our underlines
are, all of our links
are going to have underlines
and are going to be
a certain color and on
hover and unfocused, they're going
to change this way to
show that they are hovered
or focused. Right. I think
that's a huge benefit of
design systems because that's also
part of the culture of
the company that you can
look at a company's design
system, something I love doing.
You can look at any
company's design system and get
a sense of what they
value, right? You can look
at their components and see
are they paying attention to
accessibility? Are they calling out
the keyboard interaction needed? Have
they set a standard for
all of their links, all
of their buttons, have they
also set a standard for
the different States, how they
look and know focus versus
hover versus disabled, et cetera.
I think that's, that's part
of my goal here, Optimizely.
And I think, I hope
it's part of everyone's goal.
Whenever they're building out component
libraries and design systems that
by doing so you're baking
into the culture of the
company and active, conscious commitment
to accessibility. Can you talk
about the relationship or the
difference between design systems and
component libraries? Yeah. So design
systems are kind of the
broader aspect. I guess, if
you want to say that
and component libraries are one
piece of that. So oftentimes
the design system can involve,
you know, usage guidelines. It
can involve color guidelines. One
piece of it might be
the component library. There's usually
plenty of documentation around how
to use the actual components
and a huge part that
I always look for is
that accessibility guidelines section, right?
How, how are they ensuring
that people who consume either
the component library or, you
know, maybe it's the content
of your site, right? Not
everything from an accessibility standpoint
is actually technical. Sometimes it's,
you know, how, why do
you make your content? It's
a lot easier for people
to read in a narrow
column than it is to
read across an entire laptop
screen, especially if they have
no, maybe mental or cognitive
disability that prevents it from
being very easy to read
long paragraphs of texts, that
span wide areas. And so
I think that design system
can include the component library,
but also lots of documentation
around how do we make
this usable and not just
accessible? One of the things
that you talk about in
your presentation scaling accessibility is
one of the great things
about component libraries is that
when you make a change,
the whole ecosystem, you know,
gets it all the consumers
get the benefit, but then
you also pointed out that
that's exactly what's wrong with
component. Yeah, exactly. It's a
double edged sword. It's very,
it can be very lucrative
and it can be very
efficient in scaling accessibility fixes,
right? Like recently I can
fix the focus state of
our inputs. And now in
our application, every single input
has a much better focus
state. We've brought back a
better blue focus ring, but
same way, right? Some developer
or someone else contributing tomorrow
could accidentally remove that focus
state. And suddenly every input
in our application won't have
a focus state anymore. And
so it's definitely a very
careful balance between who has
the ability to make changes.
How are you testing visually,
especially to make sure that
you're not degrading the experience,
but I still absolutely think
component libraries are insanely helpful
to any organization because you
do get the ability to
scale these changes and make
one fix in one place
and see it propagate throughout
the entire application. So you
break it down with, with
the, the, the eye towards
an accessibility win into kind
of three main categories, visuals,
screen readers and keyboard navigation.
The obvious thing that I
think that component libraries offer
quickly and easily is, is
visuals and consistency. Right? So
then there's some problem areas
that happen in the visual
space. Yeah, definitely. I think
it's very easy to come
across contrast issues without even
thinking about it. Right. A
lot of the components that
you might build will have
an option to specify the
color or, you know, change
something about what style text
is being used. Is it
gray text or black text?
And I think that can
definitely introduce a lot of
issues around contrast. And so
one of the things I
talk about in that talk
is, you know, taking advantage
of something like react prop
types to limit what the
user can actually supply as
a color to that component.
And that's, again, it's the
beauty of component libraries. It's
your chance to give just
enough control to developers, to
be able to use that
component in multiple spaces, but
you can also limit it
the random amount to prevent
any accidents, right? We don't
want people to unknowingly create
accessibility issues. And if you
go and solve these problems
for everyone in one place,
you solve them for everyone.
You know, if your buttons
in your component library, get
their focus and hover States,
right. Then that can flow
through and almost cascade into
other other components. Yeah, exactly.
That's why I definitely recommend
focusing when you are, you
know, in this process of
building out an accessibility culture
and you're looking at your
component library. I think it's
very daunting. I mean, when
I came into Optimizely, we
had, I want to say
it's at least 75 80
and looking at that whole
list and trying to think,
okay, where do I start?
Right out of all of
these components? What do I
make accessible first? And I
think I've mentioned this in
my talk as well. I
took a look and saw,
you know, which components are
used the most often and
which are the kind of
base underlying components that propel
a lot of other components
forward. So buttons, inputs, links.
A lot of that stuff
is a used all over
the place in our application.
And B powers, a lot
of other larger components that
are grouped together of these
buttons and inputs like a
date picker date picker is
a perfect example. And so
by making sure that the
inputs and the buttons are
accessible, I can at least
get a little bit further
on the date picker. Another
example I thought was good
in your presentation was the
discussion of drop-downs. I see
a lot of people custom
creating drop-downs where there's like
the, the text box looking
thing with the Chevron that
points down and then you
click it and then the
menu pops open and maybe
they, they paint the whole
thing from scratch. Now you
had said at the beginning
that the best Aria stuff
is minimal Aria, but Aria
has these concepts of like
expanded, is this menu open
or not? Is that a
pop up or not? When
you set those, what does
that really mean? Is that
helping a screen reader? Does
that automatically set up keyboard
findings? What do I get
when I go and fill
out those Aria properties? Yeah.
So there's probably a misconception
that will that setting those
REO properties automatically gives you
keyboard interaction, just not the
case. It is mainly helping
screen readers. So for something
like a dropdown, when you
say Aria expanded or you're
telling the dropdown, what is
the current active descendant? Like,
what is my fake focus
on? And that's all information
to the screen reader to
let it know what's happening
right behind the scenes, which
item is getting the focus,
is your menu open or
not. Right? And so the,
yeah, sadly it's not, it's
not a magical out of
the box. Answer that adding
Arya properties will make it
completely keyboard accessible. That's a
whole nother level of work
that does need to be
done. Right? You have to
tell it, you know, you
have to tell the component
to listen for the up
and down arrow keys and
ensure that you are setting
that fo focus, the active
descendant properly, depending on if
people are going up or
down with the arrow keys,
Is there a guidance on
how these interactions should be?
Because just as we, as,
as sighted people go and
see a calendar and we
figure out what to click
on. Cause it, it, you
know, it generally looks like
a calendar. I wonder if
there is an agreement amongst
date pickers or list pickers
that like pushing down should
pop the dropdown open, or
maybe you push Alton down
or does it, or does
someone have to learn that
with every single site that
they go to? Well, from
the developer side, if you
are developing these components from
scratch, you'll probably need to
do the work to learn
what the expected interaction is,
but that expected interaction is
pretty standardized. Okay. WCG mentions
it. There are plenty of
other sites that will kind
of give you these really
nice guides to, you know,
how to interact with a
drop down, how to interact
with a date picker. So
it's authorizing practices. Yeah, exactly.
Exactly. So you, as a
developer will need to figure
out like you shouldn't be
reinventing the wheel or inventing
a square when it should
be a wheel, right. You
want to make sure you
are keeping with the consistent
pattern because people who are
using keyboards to interact with
a site or using the
screen reader are going to
have a mentality of how
it should be behaving. Right.
And you don't want to
break that pattern. It's kind
of going along this line
to have, you know, just
because it's accessible doesn't mean
it's usable and vice versa,
right? So you definitely want
to make sure you cover
both sides of that. Can
I use it with the
keyboard? Is it accessible that
way, but am I also
matching, you know, screen reader,
users expectations so that it's
still usable And is it
real, is it usable via
touch? So often I find
people focus so much on
keyboard and mouse, and then
they find that an item
isn't even touchable. Yeah. Tap
targets are a huge issue,
right? We use button icons
all the time everywhere, and
then I've had it happen
to me multiple times. I'm
sure it's happened to you
as well, where you pull
up a site on your
phone and you can't ever
actually click on the thing
you want to click on.
It keeps clicking on something
else, right? That's a huge
issue. And it's a, it's
a usability issue and it's
an accessibility issue. How do
I talk my bosses down
from them? Thinking that by
bringing up these issues of
accessibility, of keyboards, of, you
know, even the small things
around accessibility, keyboard, accessibility, it's
going to then increase the,
the budget. And it's going
to double the amount of
time that we're going to
spend on this thing. How
do I keep them from
just saying no? Yeah. That's
the magic question. Right? My
experience so far has been
reminding people what the negative
effects are if we don't
invest in this. So I
recently gave a presentation to
our entire company and, you
know, tried to point out
that if our tool isn't
accessible, first off, we are
limiting who can work at
Optimizely, right? If it would
be very hard to work
here as a developer, if
the product itself were not
accessible and you weren't able
to develop our product. The
other side of that though,
is I think this is
where a lot of B2B
companies kind of lose sight.
You know, if you're a
B to C company, it's
a lot easier to say,
okay, if you know, Gmail
is not accessible, millions and
billions of people are not
able to use it. Right.
But from an optimization standpoint,
we were kind of separated
from the end user. So
there's this middleman, which is
our, you know, our customers
and they are the ones
who have people using the
tool. So if our tool
is not accessible, we actually
have a ripple effect, right?
We are limiting who can
work at our customer's companies
and who can be successful
there. And I think that
was kind of a key
aha moment for a lot
of people where they realized,
you know, it doesn't just
affect us. We have to
be selfless and not worry
about, Oh, it only matters
who we can hire. We
are also affecting who our
customers can hire and who
can be successful at those
jobs. I think it's a
common reminder. People need a
reminder that this is bigger
than themselves and effects a
lot more than just a
small percentage of the population.
Yeah. I feel like the
ripple effect is the, is
that that's the strategy, right?
That, that do it wrong
here. I do it wrong
as a component library, do
it wrong as a platform
company that sells your platform
to other companies and the
ripple effect is going to
be not just exclusionary, but
it's going to just simply
prevent people from being successful
on your platform. So it's
got to be a, a
user story. It's gotta be
a, a line item. It's
gotta be fundamental. Yes, absolutely.
I would love to get
to the point where it's
treated like testing, right? No
developer ever feels like they
could check in code without
reading tests. I would love
to get to the point
where developers never feel like
they could check something in
without it being accessible to
that takes time. Obviously it
has to be integrated into
the culture, integrated into the
workflow. You know, we need
our QA team to be
testing for accessibility as well.
But I have a lot
of faith that it will
happen. I appreciate that. I
feel like there's an organizational
maturity model though. Like when
you said, well, yeah, it
should just be like checking
in tests. I'm sure someone
listening to the show, Winston
was like, Oh, we haven't
gotten there yet. We're not
checking in test yet or
whatever. I absolutely appreciate that.
At certain times, you're not
able to dedicate the energy
to this. Right. There's a
lot of stuff that you
need to get going first
before you can even think
about, maybe even think about
tests, much less accessibility desk,
but from what I've experienced,
it is so much harder
to put it in after
the fact, right. One of
my old coworkers who's does
amazing talks with the community
around accessibility, Cordelia. She always,
she has this analogy where
it's putting accessibility in after
it's like trying to put
the blueberries in a blueberry
muffin after you've baked it,
right. It's like virtually impossible.
You're going to squish the
blueberries. They're not going to
be throughout the whole muffin.
It's not going to end
well. And so that's always
my kind of warning to
people who are in that
early stage, where they're making
the conscious effort not to
introduce accessibility then because they
have other things to worry
about. And I think as
much as possible, even if
it's a little things, right,
like thinking about the focus
state of your buttons and
your links and your inputs,
which are like 90% of
applications, most of the time,
at least think about that.
Because if you have to
go back after the fact
and try to bake the
accessibility and after it's just
not going to end well,
Well, I going to make
sure that we put links
in the show notes to
your talk at react, Boston
on scaling accessibility, and folks
can communicate with you on
Twitter and they can check
out your products@optimizely.com. Thank you
so much for chatting with
me today. Thank you so
much, Scott. This has been
another episode of Hanselminutes and
we'll see you again next
week. .